---
title: "Our Favorite Travel and Outdoor Gear Is on Sale at Huckberry"
date: "2025-11-12T20:55:17.935235+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.wired.com/story/huckberry-sitewide-sale-2025/"]
summary: "Huckberry's eclectic curation of travel clothing, coffee gear, and backpacks are all on sale right now."
---

Huckberry, purveyors of
 finely curated clothing and gear for the sort of person equally at home in the woods and the city, is having one of the company's rare site-wide sales this week—or pretty close to site-wide. We've tested and love quite a bit of Huckberry's stuff, especially the 
Proof 72-hour merino T-shirt
.

Highlights:
- If you buy nothing else this year, buy that.
- Check out the other deals, which we've rounded up below.
- Great Deals on our Favorite Travel Clothes
Proof
72-Hour Merino T-Shirt
Huckberry's Proof 72-hour merino T-shirt is 
our favorite merino wool T-shirt
.

Summary:
Huckberry, purveyors of
 finely curated clothing and gear for the sort of person equally at home in the woods and the city, is having one of the company's rare site-wide sales this week—or pretty close to site-wide. We've tested and love quite a bit of Huckberry's stuff, especially the 
Proof 72-hour merino T-shirt
. If you buy nothing else this year, buy that. Trust me. Check out the other deals, which we've rounded up below. Great Deals on our Favorite Travel Clothes
Proof
72-Hour Merino T-Shirt
Huckberry's Proof 72-hour merino T-shirt is 
our favorite merino wool T-shirt
. The cut and style are not overly sporty, making it more versatile than some others, from everyday wear around town to a trip to the gym. Mine is still soft even after six months of wear and washing. At 87 percent 150 gsm superfine merino wool (16.5 micron) and 13 percent nylon, this T-shirt makes a great starter for those new to merino wool—there's enough nylon that's stretchy, and not the least bit itchy. These pants are the companion piece to the 72-hour shirt above. There's quite a bit less wool here though. The breakdown is 47 percent merino wool, 33 percent nylon, 14 percent polyester, and 6 percent elastane. The result is a much stretchier fabric than the t-shirt, which still provides a good amount of moisture-wicking and the anti-odor properties of merino. My only gripe with these is that they feel synthetic. What I love about them is the stain resistance. Yes, that DWR coating that gives them that stain resistance will wear off, but it's not too hard to rejuvenate it. When I travel, these are the pants I wear. They're light, comfy, stretchy, and weigh next to nothing. They're 98 percent cotton, with 2 percent Spandex to give them a little stretch. Unlike jeans, these have enough flex that you can easily do squats in them. It's possible that translates to some stretching out over time, but I've been wearing mine for going on a year now and they still fit perfectly. I love this jacket. It's the only jacket I've ever worn that anyone has complimented me on, which is also the case for another WIRED staffer. Waxed canvas is definitely heavy, but it stands up very well to wear. I've had my Trucker Jacket for well over a year and it still looks like new. I don't need to re-wax it yet, but I have re-waxed other things and it's dead simple to do. There's also a wool-lined version, which I have not tried but I do kinda wish I had that instead of the flannel. It's 
on sale as well
. Deals on Backpacks, Coffee Brewers, and Other Gear
Courtesy of Huckberry
GoRucks are 
awesome backpacks
, but they aren't cheap. Here's a chance to get the GoRuck GR1 for a bit less. This is a collaboration between GoRuck and Huckberry, with branding from both companies on the pack. My favorite thing about the GR1 is its versatility. I have used this pack for plane travel (
as a carry-on
), rucking, hiking, hauling camera gear, and more. I even strapped it to the back rack of my bike for an overnight bikepacking trip. If you want to ruck with it, 
grab a weight plate as well
. The 
Yeti Hopper Flip 12
 is a nice little personal-size cooler. Hopper Flip 12 closes with a water proof zipper, which has never leaked on my thus far. With 12 quarts of capacity, it's not huge. Think a six pack and sandwich, depending on what you use to keep things cold (ice packs are the way to go with this one). This isn't a huge discount, but any time you can save some money on Snow Peak it's a win. The company's incredibly well-designed gear isn't cheap. Take this mug, which amounts to a $47 coffee mug. But l

Why it matters: If you buy nothing else this year, buy that.