---
title: "Arturia&#8217;s KeyStep mk2 MIDI controller is a shortcut to flow state"
date: "2025-11-09T18:39:07.710431+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.theverge.com/tech/817387/arturia-keystep-mk2-midi-controller-generative-sequencing-writers-block"]
summary: "Arturia's KeyStep is one of the most popular MIDI controllers ever made, especially with modular synth users and the DAWless crowd. It's small, cheap, has an easy-to-use sequencer, and offers decent c"
---

Arturia’s KeyStep
 is one of the most popular 
MIDI controllers
 ever made, especially with modular synth users and the DAWless crowd. It’s small, cheap, has an easy-to-use sequencer, and offers decent connectivity.

Highlights:
- But it was also released way back in January of 2016.
- The world of music gear moves more slowly than, say, smartphones, but Arturia has several controllers released 
after
 the KeyStep that are already on their third generation.
- The $139 
KeyStep mk2
 takes this classic and updates it with a host of new sequencing and composition features developed by Arturia over the years.

Summary:
Arturia’s KeyStep
 is one of the most popular 
MIDI controllers
 ever made, especially with modular synth users and the DAWless crowd. It’s small, cheap, has an easy-to-use sequencer, and offers decent connectivity. But it was also released way back in January of 2016. The world of music gear moves more slowly than, say, smartphones, but Arturia has several controllers released 
after
 the KeyStep that are already on their third generation. The $139 
KeyStep mk2
 takes this classic and updates it with a host of new sequencing and composition features developed by Arturia over the years. Compared to the original, the KeyStep mk2 has double the number of arpeggiator modes (16), eight times as many sequencer save slots (64), generative sequencing features, a chord mode, and a scale mode. Scale mode can be handy for those of us who are less-skilled players by ensuring every note is in key. But I’ve always found it a bit unnatural feeling on a traditional keyboard. (Though it’s my preferred layout on a pad controller.)
The more exciting things to me are the new arpeggiator modes, the Spice and Mutate generative features, and the way they interact with the sequencer. When I’m feeling stuck or uninspired (which is often these days), they offer a shortcut to idea generation that goes beyond just randomly spitting out notes. So much of any creative act is about getting into a 
flow state
, but that takes time. You don’t just sit down and immediately enter a state of 
flow
. You need to find it. And when your time is limited because of a demanding job or kids, it can be difficult to find. The generative and iterative features of the KeyStep make it easier to get over that initial hump when I’m sitting down to make some music. Often, I’ll start by playing a simple arp. I’ll pick a chord — just three or four notes, usually, nothing wild. Then I’ll press the mutate button. This starts shifting the notes around, adding octave jumps and rests, generally just introducing a little chaos. A quick press adds just a dash of randomness, while holding it down for longer can change your original arpeggio into something completely unrecognizable. I’ll generally do this a few times until I find something I like. Then I’ll dial in the Spice value. This is another generative feature, which changes the gate length of notes and adds ratchets. If Spice isn’t doing anything interesting to my ear, I’ll roll the dice by holding shift and tapping the Spice touchstrip three times. This “rolls” a new set of random changes for me to dial in using the Spice parameter. The new OLED and endless encoder can be helpful. Image: Terrence O’Brien / The Verge
Once I have a short phrase I like, I c

Why it matters: But it was also released way back in January of 2016.

Sources: