---
title: "Shares of Swiss sneaker company On soar 20% as it raises guidance again"
date: "2025-11-12T15:00:50.599891+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/12/on-onon-earnings-q3-2025.html"]
summary: "Swiss sportswear company On blew past Wall Street's expectations as it pledged to offer no discounts during the holiday shopping season."
---

Logo of Swiss shoemaker On is displayed in a shop in Zurich, Switzerland, Aug. 28, 2025.

Highlights:
- Denis Balibouse | Reuters
On
 raised its full-year guidance for the third quarter in a row on Wednesday after the Swiss sportswear company posted another three months of double-digit growth, bucking a slowdown in the sneaker market.
- The company, known for its 
innovative approach
 to running shoes, is now expecting 2025 sales to reach 2.98 billion Swiss francs ($3.72 billion), up from its previous guidance of 2.91 billion francs, on a reported basis.
- On a constant currency basis, the company anticipates sales will grow 34% from the prior year, rising from its previous forecast of 31%.

Summary:
Logo of Swiss shoemaker On is displayed in a shop in Zurich, Switzerland, Aug. 28, 2025. Denis Balibouse | Reuters
On
 raised its full-year guidance for the third quarter in a row on Wednesday after the Swiss sportswear company posted another three months of double-digit growth, bucking a slowdown in the sneaker market. The company, known for its 
innovative approach
 to running shoes, is now expecting 2025 sales to reach 2.98 billion Swiss francs ($3.72 billion), up from its previous guidance of 2.91 billion francs, on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, the company anticipates sales will grow 34% from the prior year, rising from its previous forecast of 31%. The forecast is slightly above the 2.97 billion francs analysts were expecting, according to LSEG. "Our focus on premium, on full-price sales, on innovation, on that intersection between performance and design is just resonating very strongly with the consumer, and it's really setting ourselves apart," CEO Martin Hoffmann told CNBC in an interview. "You see it in the results. We have strong top-line growth, we have a strong margin, so that shows that we stay fully committed to full-price sales, and this is across all our channels."
Shares of On jumped more than 20% in morning trading Wednesday in New York. During its 2025 third quarter, the sportswear company beat Wall Street's expectations on the top and bottom lines. Here's how On performed compared with what Wall Street was anticipating, based on a survey of analysts by LSEG:
Earnings per share: 
43 cents in francs adjusted vs. 25 cents expected
Revenue: 
794 million francs vs. 763 million francs expected
The company's reported net income for the three-month period that ended Sept. 30 was 118.9 million francs, or 36 cents per share, compared with 30.5 million francs, or 9 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, On posted earnings of 43 cents per share. Sales rose to 794.4 million francs, up about 25% from roughly 636 million francs a year earlier. On's rosy results come as competitors like 
Nike
 and Hoka plan for either a sales decline or slowdown in growth, as discretionary spending stagnates and tariffs take a bite out of shoppers' wallets. In late September, Nike said it was expecting sales in its current quarter, which runs generally from early September to early December, to fall by a 
low single-digit percentage
 as it works to reignite innovation and streamline operations. Deckers
, the parent company behind On's fellow buzzy footwear brand Hoka, 
trimmed its sales guidance
 for Hoka in October. Meanwhile, On is raising its sales guidance as it gears up for the holiday shopping season. Retail analysts expect most of the industry to lean heavily on discounts and promotions to drum up demand during the critical holiday shopping season, but On won't even be offering a Black Friday discount, said co-founder and Executive co-Chairman Caspar Coppetti. On will be "full price through the holiday season," Coppetti said in an interview with CNBC. "This is against the backdrop of a very competitive and very discount-driven environment currently, and so this leveling up that we've done, and then just being able to command a much higher selling price, really sets On apart." 
While On is typically sold alongside brands like Nike, Hoka and Brooks Running, its holiday strategy is similar to those of luxury names. It's part of the company's strategy to be the most premium sportswear brand on the market by not just offering the highest prices but also the most innovative products across footwear and appar

Why it matters: Denis Balibouse | Reuters
On
 raised its full-year guidance for the third quarter in a row on Wednesday after the Swiss sportswear company posted another three months of double-digit growth, bucking a slowdown in the sneaker market.

Sources: