---
title: "CNN\u2019s app is adding a \u2018Shorts\u2019 feed for bite-size videos"
date: "2025-11-10T14:42:01.240928+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.theverge.com/news/816638/cnn-app-shorts-feed-videos-launch"]
summary: "CNN is revamping its app\u2019s homepage with a feed dedicated to short-form videos. The new \u201cShorts\u201d tab houses a stream of clips with stories from CNN, allowing you to swipe through them like you would w"
---

CNN is revamping its app’s homepage with a feed dedicated to short-form videos. The new “Shorts” tab houses a stream of clips with stories from CNN, allowing you to swipe through them like you would with TikTok or Instagram Reels.

Highlights:
- The CNN app already had a section for short-form videos in its “Watch” tab, but now the network’s putting the clips front and center on the homepage.
- In addition to showing all recently published vertical videos, the new Shorts feed will also include clips made exclusively for the stream.
- The change comes as part of CNN’s efforts to revitalize its business 
amid declining viewership
 and a 
deteriorating linear TV landscape
.

Summary:
CNN is revamping its app’s homepage with a feed dedicated to short-form videos. The new “Shorts” tab houses a stream of clips with stories from CNN, allowing you to swipe through them like you would with TikTok or Instagram Reels. The CNN app already had a section for short-form videos in its “Watch” tab, but now the network’s putting the clips front and center on the homepage. In addition to showing all recently published vertical videos, the new Shorts feed will also include clips made exclusively for the stream. The change comes as part of CNN’s efforts to revitalize its business 
amid declining viewership
 and a 
deteriorating linear TV landscape
. After 
making the move to paywall
 some of its articles, 
CNN launched its second attempt
 at a streaming service just last month. CNN is also trying to attract a younger audience with the launch of 
a CNN Creators video series
 led by former 
Vice
 producer Andrew Potter. It even tried hosting 
a subscriber-only election night “watch party”
 last week. You won’t be forced to watch short-form news videos every time you open up CNN’s app, however, as the network is introducing a new “Top News” tab that you’ll land on by default, showing a mix of text-based and video stories. You can swap between the two sections by tapping the tabs at the top of the screen. The short-form videos will be free to watch.

Why it matters: The CNN app already had a section for short-form videos in its “Watch” tab, but now the network’s putting the clips front and center on the homepage.

Sources: