---
title: "Disney stock falls 8% as media giant posts mixed results"
date: "2025-11-13T14:44:04.224299+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/13/disney-dis-earnings-q4-2025.html"]
summary: "Disney reported fiscal fourth-quarter results before the bell Thursday, giving its final update on streaming subscriber metrics."
---

A statue of Walt Disney and Mickey Mouse stands in a garden in front of Cinderella's Castle at the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World on May 31, 2024, in Orlando, Florida. Gary Hershorn | Corbis News | Getty Images
Disney
 reported fiscal fourth-quarter 
earnings
 on Thursday that topped analyst expectations for earnings but missed on revenue as the company's
 entertainment
 business was weighed down by its TV networks and a lackluster theatrical film slate.

Highlights:
- Disney stock fell nearly 10% in early trading Thursday.
- Here is what Disney 
reported
 for the period ended Sept.
- 27, compared with what Wall Street expected, according to LSEG: 
Earnings per share:
 $1.11 adjusted vs.

Summary:
A statue of Walt Disney and Mickey Mouse stands in a garden in front of Cinderella's Castle at the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World on May 31, 2024, in Orlando, Florida. Gary Hershorn | Corbis News | Getty Images
Disney
 reported fiscal fourth-quarter 
earnings
 on Thursday that topped analyst expectations for earnings but missed on revenue as the company's
 entertainment
 business was weighed down by its TV networks and a lackluster theatrical film slate. Disney stock fell nearly 10% in early trading Thursday. Here is what Disney 
reported
 for the period ended Sept. 27, compared with what Wall Street expected, according to LSEG: 
Earnings per share:
 $1.11 adjusted vs. $1.05 expected
Revenue:
 $22.46 billion vs. $22.75 billion expected
Net income for the quarter was $1.44 billion, or 73 cents a share, more than double the $564 million, or 25 cents per share, that Disney reported in the same period a year earlier. Adjusting for one-time items Disney reported earnings per share of $1.11. The company's overall revenue for the quarter was nearly $22.5 billion, slightly less than the same quarter last year. Disney also said it plans to boost its dividend and double its share buyback plan for fiscal 2026. "Overall we're leaving the year with a lot of momentum," Disney CFO Hugh Johnston told CNBC's "
Squawk Box
" on Thursday regarding the company's streaming and experiences businesses. Streaming strides, linear struggles
Revenue for Disney's entertainment unit fell 6% from last year to $10.21 billion, dragged down by the linear TV networks and theatrical releases. Disney's TV networks, including ESPN, have been unavailable for customers of 
Google
's YouTube TV, a streaming provider of the pay TV bundle since Oct. 31 because of an ongoing 
carriage dispute
 between the two companies. Johnston told "Squawk Box" on Thursday that Disney is still in the midst of negotiations with YouTube TV, but the company was prepared for what it expected to be a "challenging battle," and Disney is "ready to go as long as they want to."
Advertising revenue for the networks, which includes broadcast network ABC and pay TV channels like FX, also suffered. Part of this was attributable to lower political advertising, or a $40 million impact compared with the same quarter last year, Disney said. The company also noted that its 2024 joint venture deal for India Hotstar impacted its linear network results. Streaming remained the bright spot in the business as consumers continued to turn away from the pay TV bundle. Operating income for the linear networks dropped 21% to $391 million while it rose 39%, to $352 million, for streaming. The higher operating income for streaming occurred as prices increased for Disney's streaming services. Disney's streaming growth was also the result of more options for its services. Earlier this year its 
carriage deal
 with 
Charter Communications
 broadened, giving the cable TV provider's customers 
access
 to ad-supported Hulu. Initially, Charter's pay TV customers had been receiving only Disney+. While about half of the streaming subscriber increase could be attributed to the Charter carriage deal, Johnston said "the other half was retail," with a big portion of that coming from international markets. Disney, like its media peers 
Warner Bros. Discovery
 and 
Netflix
, has seen most of its recent streaming growth come from global customers. The company in August also 
launched
 its ESPN direct-to-consumer app, which mirrors all the content of the TV networks, ESPN+ and other additions. The app is also available for Charter

Why it matters: Disney stock fell nearly 10% in early trading Thursday.