---
title: "Tulip Siddiq MP given jail sentence in Bangladesh after trial in her absence"
date: "2025-12-01T09:44:49.723778+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9dyd84lwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss"]
summary: "The former minister and niece of Bangladesh's ousted former leader, who received a two-year sentence, says the charges are politically motivated."
---

Labour MP and former minister Tulip Siddiq has been sentenced to two years in prison in Bangladesh after being put on trial in her absence alongside 16 other people over corruption allegations. She was found guilty of influencing her aunt, Bangladesh's ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, to secure a plot of land for her family in the outskirts of the capital Dhaka, a claim she strongly denies.

Highlights:
- Siddiq, who is based in London and has rejected the charges, is unlikely to serve the sentence.
- The sitting MP for Hampstead and Highgate continues to face a number of outstanding charges in Bangladesh.
- Since Hasina's regime was overturned, prosecutors in Bangladesh have launched a number of wide-ranging legal cases against the former leader, her past associates and family members.

Summary:
Labour MP and former minister Tulip Siddiq has been sentenced to two years in prison in Bangladesh after being put on trial in her absence alongside 16 other people over corruption allegations. She was found guilty of influencing her aunt, Bangladesh's ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, to secure a plot of land for her family in the outskirts of the capital Dhaka, a claim she strongly denies. Siddiq, who is based in London and has rejected the charges, is unlikely to serve the sentence. The sitting MP for Hampstead and Highgate continues to face a number of outstanding charges in Bangladesh. Since Hasina's regime was overturned, prosecutors in Bangladesh have launched a number of wide-ranging legal cases against the former leader, her past associates and family members. The trial involving Siddiq - who 
quit as a Treasury minister in January over controversy
 around her ties to her aunt - has been playing out in Dhaka since August. Court documents included claims that Siddiq "forced and influenced her aunt and the former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina using her special power to secure [a plot of land] for her mother Rehana Siddiq, sister Azmina Siddiq and brother Radwan Siddiq". A prosecutor for Bangladesh's Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) previously said Siddiq was tried as a Bangladeshi citizen as authorities had obtained her Bangladeshi passport, ID and tax number. Siddiq's lawyers have disputed she is a Bangladeshi citizen, telling the Financial Times she has "never had" an ID card or voter ID, and "has not held a passport since she was a child". She was sentenced by Judge Rabiul Alam to two years in prison and a 100,000 Bangladeshi Taka fine ($821; £620). If she fails to pay, six months will be added to the sentence. When the trial began, the MP said prosecutors had "peddled false and vexatious allegations that have been briefed to the media but never formally put to me by investigators". A statement on her behalf continued: "I have been clear from the outset that I have done nothing wrong and will respond to any credible evidence that is presented to me. Continuing to smear my name to score political points is both baseless and damaging."
She has not commented publicly since the verdict was delivered. A Labour spokesperson said the party could not recognise the judgement. "As has been reported, highly regarded senior legal professionals have highlighted that Tulip Siddiq has not had access to a fair legal process in this case and has never been informed of the details of the charges against her," the spokesperson said. "This is despite repeated requests made to the Bangladeshi authorities through her legal team. "Anyone facing any charge should always be afforded the right to make legal representations when allegations are made against them."
It is understood Ms Siddiq is not subject to investigation or party disciplinary proceedings and retains her Labour Party membership and the Labour whip in the House of Commons. Last week, a group of senior lawyers raised concerns with Bangladesh's representative in the UK over how the trial had been conducted. Signatories to that statement included ex-Justice Secretary Robert Buckland, former Attorney General Dominic Grieve, and Lady Cherie Blair, a human rights lawyer and wife of former Prime Minister Sir Tony Blair. In a letter first reported by 
the Guardian
, they said Siddiq had not been able to secure proper legal representation during the trial, adding: "Such a process is artificial and a contrived and unfair way of pursuing a prosecution."
The verdict comes 
two weeks after Hasina

Why it matters: Siddiq, who is based in London and has rejected the charges, is unlikely to serve the sentence.