---
title: "Logitech Promo Code: $25 Off This Holiday Season"
date: "2025-12-05T07:13:23.319786+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.wired.com/story/logitech-promo-code/"]
summary: "Get an exclusive discount of $25 off $200+ this holiday season when you sign up for Logitech emails."
---

A leader in almost everything tech and home-office related for over 40 years, Swiss-founded Logitech offers a vast array of products, including keyboards, consoles, webcams, and tech gear made especially for education, business, and gaming. We at WIRED know the company's wares well (obviously), so we’ve found the latest Logitech promo codes and deals to save on any type of tech purchase.

Highlights:
- Logitech makes seriously great Bluetooth 
keyboards
, keyboard cases, and smart pencils that made our 
Best iPad Accessories
 list.
- We also named the 
Logitech Pro X 2
 the 
best gaming headset
 in our wireless headphones guide.
- Check out these Logitech discounts we’ve found to help you ball (technologically) on a budget.

Summary:
A leader in almost everything tech and home-office related for over 40 years, Swiss-founded Logitech offers a vast array of products, including keyboards, consoles, webcams, and tech gear made especially for education, business, and gaming. We at WIRED know the company's wares well (obviously), so we’ve found the latest Logitech promo codes and deals to save on any type of tech purchase. Logitech makes seriously great Bluetooth 
keyboards
, keyboard cases, and smart pencils that made our 
Best iPad Accessories
 list. We also named the 
Logitech Pro X 2
 the 
best gaming headset
 in our wireless headphones guide. If you want to keep the spirit of playfulness alive, fellow F1 enthusiast (and senior editor of product reviews) Parker Hall raved about Logitech’s high-tech wheel, pedals, and seat 
racing simulation set
 to help you become the 
Lewis Hamilton
 of your gaming fantasies. Check out these Logitech discounts we’ve found to help you ball (technologically) on a budget. Save Up to 50% at the Logitech Holiday Sale
Black Friday may be over, but there are plenty of deals still available at Logitech. For a limited time, you can get up to 50% off headsets, keyboards, and more. You can also save up to $150, plus get free express shipping (through December 19). Specifically, you’ll get $30 off when you spend over $150, $70 off orders of $250 or more, and $150 off $450 or more. Be sure to stock up on gifts while this deal is still available! Sign Up and Get a $25 Logitech Promo Code
You can save big on important tech at Logitech right now by simply signing up for texts. All you need to do is input your information to stay up to date on the latest Logitech promos, releases, and rotating deals via text. After successfully signing up, Logitech will send you a coupon for 15% off. In addition to this ongoing deal, if you sign up now, you’ll receive an exclusive offer via email that will give you $25 off your purchase of $200 or more, which is stackable with other current sitewide promotions. This specific offer must be redeemed by December 2, so be sure to sign up ASAP. Tips and Tricks for More Logitech Discounts
Even if you don’t have a promo code on hand, Logitech has plenty of ways to save, with free shipping on orders of $29 or more (a super-easy mark to hit). Many products also qualify for a gift with purchase, so take advantage of a free MX travel case, keyboard sleeve, or 1 month of Adobe Creative Cloud. And for a limited time, when you buy one product, you can get a second for 25% off. With an array of helpful products for students, Logitech is making it easier to get all this game-changing tech. Students can get a 25% discount on products after registering and verifying their student status with UNiDAYS. Shop Trending Logitech Products
As mentioned, Logitech has nearly every type of tech product needed for productivity in your office or school, but also has some really innovative tech products for home and gaming. Looking to get serious about your WFH (or gaming) setup? Logitech’s 
MX Keys S Advanced Wireless Illuminated Keyboard
 is a 
bestseller
 because of its portability, ergonomic design, and cheap price point. The bestselling 
MX Vertical Advanced Ergonomic Mouse
 is occasionally discounted, so save your hand the cramps and carpal tunnel (while saving some coin, too).

Why it matters: Logitech makes seriously great Bluetooth 
keyboards
, keyboard cases, and smart pencils that made our 
Best iPad Accessories
 list.