---
title: "The 30 best gift ideas for mom this holiday season"
date: "2025-11-11T16:16:21.542561+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.theverge.com/gadgets/802964/best-mom-gift-ideas"]
summary: "Your mom deserves the best, and we're going to help you get them something special. The right gift can make family or friend time more valuable, after all, or it can greatly enrich time spent alone. I"
---

Your mom deserves the best, and we’re going to help you get them something special. The right gift can make family or friend time more valuable, after all, or it can greatly enrich time spent alone.

Highlights:
- If your mom says that she has all that she needs, don’t take her word for it and show up empty-handed.
- Instead, peruse this handy guide, sorted by price, to find a gift that she’ll remember for years to come.
- Apple’s new 
AirPods Pro 3
, meanwhile, can provide stellar sound for her favorite tracks (and heart rate tracking, to boot).

Summary:
Your mom deserves the best, and we’re going to help you get them something special. The right gift can make family or friend time more valuable, after all, or it can greatly enrich time spent alone. If your mom says that she has all that she needs, don’t take her word for it and show up empty-handed. Instead, peruse this handy guide, sorted by price, to find a gift that she’ll remember for years to come. There are plenty of ideas below that can show the maternal figure in your life that you know them well — such as the practical yet elegant 
Oura Ring 4
, which can help her track her vitals and stay on track with her fitness goals. Apple’s new 
AirPods Pro 3
, meanwhile, can provide stellar sound for her favorite tracks (and heart rate tracking, to boot). And if you’re unsure what your mom will like, we’ve included a host of unique ideas to help you navigate that ambiguity, from a 
trendy-looking monocular
 to a 
one-of-a-kind membership
 fit for any film buff. Photographer, photo editor: Amelia Holowaty Krales
Art director and designer: Cath Virginia
Creative director: Kristen Radtke

Why it matters: If your mom says that she has all that she needs, don’t take her word for it and show up empty-handed.

Sources: