---
title: "Starmer 'assured' anonymous briefings did not come from No 10"
date: "2025-11-13T15:58:38.512535+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn8vn4vv87xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss"]
summary: "The PM's chief of staff was not involved \"directly or indirectly\" in briefings against cabinet minister, sources tell the BBC."
---

PM 'assured' anonymous briefings did not come from No 10
Kate Whannel
Political reporter
BBC
Sir Keir Starmer has said he has "been assured" that anonymous briefings against cabinet ministers earlier this week "did not come from Downing Street". In a bid to draw a line under the row, he said he had "made it clear" to his team that such activities were "unacceptable".

Highlights:
- On Wednesday, Sir Keir apologised to Wes Streeting, after his allies privately told news outlets the health secretary could be planning to make a leadership challenge.
- Speaking during a visit to North Wales, the prime minister said he retained full confidence in McSweeney.
- "I have been talking to my team today.

Summary:
PM 'assured' anonymous briefings did not come from No 10
Kate Whannel
Political reporter
BBC
Sir Keir Starmer has said he has "been assured" that anonymous briefings against cabinet ministers earlier this week "did not come from Downing Street". In a bid to draw a line under the row, he said he had "made it clear" to his team that such activities were "unacceptable". On Wednesday, Sir Keir apologised to Wes Streeting, after his allies privately told news outlets the health secretary could be planning to make a leadership challenge. Many Labour MPs remain sceptical about the claim the briefings did not come from  No 10 and blame the prime minister's chief of staff Morgan McSweeney, not necessarily for the briefing, but for overseeing the strategy and culture of Downing Street. Speaking during a visit to North Wales, the prime minister said he retained full confidence in McSweeney. "I have been talking to my team today. I have been assured that no briefing against ministers was done from No 10 but I have made it clear that I find it absolutely unacceptable."
He added: "I have been assured it didn't come from Downing Street but I have been equally clear that whether it is this case or any other, I intend to deal with it."
Asked if he would sack those responsible, Sir Keir replied: "I will absolutely deal with anybody responsible for briefing against ministers, cabinet ministers or any other ministers. "I have always said that is the standard that I expect, and that is the standard that I will enforce."
Asked whether he still has confidence in McSweeney, the Labour leader said: "Of course I do. I work closely with my whole team. Our focus is on working for the country."
Both Streeting and Energy Secretary Ed Miliband have said the person behind the briefings should be sacked. On Thursday, Streeting brushed off questions about the row saying it was "silly Westminster soap opera stuff" and "yesterday's news". Speaking to the BBC, Miliband said it had been a "bad couple of days", adding: "We've got to learn the lessons of this episode and say this is not where the focus should be."
He said he was confident the prime minister would want to find who the anonymous briefer was and "get rid of them if he can find out". "He hates it when things get leaked, he hates it when cabinet colleagues get briefed against. "People might think 'if he hates it, why can't he stop it'. "The truth is, sometimes these things do happen. There are noises off and you can never quite know where they are coming from."
Miliband's name has been discussed by some Labour MPs as another possible challenger to the prime minister. Asked if he would rule out returning as Labour leader, he replied: "Yes."
He added: "I had the best inoculation technique against wanting to be leader of the Labour Party which is that I was leader of the Labour Party, between 2010 and 2015. "I've got the T-shirt - that chapter's closed."
Sir Keir apologised to Streeting in a brief phone call on Wednesday evening; however supporters of the health secretary are said to be irritated that briefing against him has continued. Those around the health secretary argue that "this kind of briefing culture followed Keir Starmer from opposition into government". There are a declining number of advisers who were with Sir Keir in opposition and are still working for him now. McSweeney is one of them, and the most senior. He has been approached for comment. One ally of the prime minister told the BBC: "Morgan is a proxy for Keir. They are coming for Morgan because they want to get Keir. This isn't a parliamentary 

Why it matters: On Wednesday, Sir Keir apologised to Wes Streeting, after his allies privately told news outlets the health secretary could be planning to make a leadership challenge.