---
title: "Man says shadowy group sending Palestinians out of Gaza has Israeli support"
date: "2025-11-16T10:14:23.376469+00:00"
sources: ["https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/16/man-says-shadowy-group-sending-palestinians-out-of-gaza-has-israeli-support?traffic_source=rss"]
summary: "Al-Majd Europe group taking families on buses out of Gaza to Israel&#039;s Ramon Airport - then to unknown destinations."
---

A Palestinian man who says he left Gaza through a shadowy organisation that has 
landed 153 people in South Africa
 without documentation describes the process set up to encourage more Palestinians to leave the devastated enclave. The man, whose identity remains anonymous due to security concerns, told Al Jazeera there was “strong coordination” between the Al-Majd Europe group and the Israeli army on such displacements.

Highlights:
- At Ramon, “since there is no recognition by [Israel] of a Palestinian state, they did not stamp our passports,” the Palestinian man said.
- A Romanian aircraft took the group to Kenya, a transit country.
- He said there appeared to be some coordination between Al-Majd Europe and the Kenyan authorities.

Summary:
A Palestinian man who says he left Gaza through a shadowy organisation that has 
landed 153 people in South Africa
 without documentation describes the process set up to encourage more Palestinians to leave the devastated enclave. The man, whose identity remains anonymous due to security concerns, told Al Jazeera there was “strong coordination” between the Al-Majd Europe group and the Israeli army on such displacements. Recommended Stories 
list of 4 items
end of list
He said the process seemed “routine” and included a thorough search of personal belongings before he was put on a bus that moved through southern Gaza’s Israeli-controlled Karem Abu Salem crossing (which Israelis call Kerem Shalom) into southern Israel and the Ramon Airport. At Ramon, “since there is no recognition by [Israel] of a Palestinian state, they did not stamp our passports,” the Palestinian man said. A Romanian aircraft took the group to Kenya, a transit country. He said there appeared to be some coordination between Al-Majd Europe and the Kenyan authorities. None of the passengers knew which country they would end up in, he said, adding that there were at least three people coordinating from 
inside Gaza
 while several Palestinian citizens of Israel carried out the rest of the network communication from outside the enclave. Initially, there was an online registration, followed by a screening process. The man said he paid $6,000 to get himself and two family members out of Gaza. “The payments are made through bank applications to the accounts of individual persons, not to an institution,” he said. The first group he knew about 
left Gaza
 for Indonesia in June while the transfer of a second group to an unknown location was delayed before it received a call to leave in August. The Palestinians on board Friday’s flight to South Africa were made to pay $1,500 to $5,000 per person to leave Gaza. They were allowed to bring only a phone, some money and a backpack. Mysterious operation
Al-Majd Europe has been moving people using unofficial channels facilitated by the Israeli military. It has been demanding payments from Palestinians to leave Gaza. But it is unclear who is behind its operations. The group claims it was founded in 2010 in Germany, but its website was registered only this year. The website shows images generated by artificial intelligence of its executives with no credible contact details. The website provides no office location, which is in the Sheikh Jarrah neighbourhood of occupied East Jerusalem. Al Jazeera spoke to another Palestinian man who identified himself only as Omar in WhatsApp text messages. He said an Al-Majd Europe representative told him a passport and a birth certificate would be required to be accepted for a flight and there would be an initial charge of $2,500 per person as a down payment. Omar, however, said his request for a transfer out of Gaza was rejected by the representative because the group did not accept solo travellers. Speaking from az-Zawayda in central Gaza, Al Jazeera’s Hind Khoudary said Palestinians in Gaza have been hearing more about the operation and some are driven to consider it due to the “unbearable living situation” after two years of Israeli bombardments and ground operations. “The education system in Gaza has also collapsed, so some Palestinians feel there is no future for them and their children,” she said. The Israeli military acknowledged “facilitating” transfers of Palestinians out of Gaza, which is part of the “voluntary departure” policy for Palestinians that is backed by Israel and the United States. 

Why it matters: At Ramon, “since there is no recognition by [Israel] of a Palestinian state, they did not stamp our passports,” the Palestinian man said.